{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11600\viewh15500\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-5482\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This readme file contains information regarding changes and new tools.\
\
The UI has changed. We are still currently working on the design. However, the base colour, application name, buttons styles, item locations are changed. Additionally, we decided to change all icons for more simplistic and minimalistic ones.\
\
The buttons moved on the right-hand side, the redo and undo buttons added however not working at the moment. Once we get them to work, we will add Load image button as well, so the user will be able to work on their png and jpeg images.\
\
Colour Pallet: More colours added, we understood how they work, and it was useful for creating the bucket tool\
\
Free Hand Tool: We have a stroke scale next to the colour pallet. The user can set the stroke weight via this bar.\
\
Stroke bar affected all the tools on the programme, and we found a solution by putting a constant strokeWeight(2) in all individual tools.\
\
Bucket Tool: This tool only works if the user picked a colour before selecting itself.\
\
Shape Tool: User can start to create various sizes of rectangles, ellipses and triangles on the canvas by mouse movements. We are thinking to add no fill versions by the next week. \
\
Text Tool: This is not working yet, but we are looking for a fix and make it work properly.\
\
Eraser Tool: We haven\'92t started to develop the eraser tool yet. The icon can be seen on the application however it\'92s a basic copy of the freehand tool. We have ideas to convert it to an eraser tool, but we will fix the type tool first.\
\
\
}